generally, the way the Navy structured is that you could take a little
piece from one place and, ah, like, easily slide it into the next place.
You shouldn't be having any trouble when you get to a new unit.
Um, I've known several people that came from U. S s warrior and they
were immediately put on the USS Blue Ridge and they slid right in.
You know, after the second day, you couldn't tell them apart from
anybody else, somebody that that just came in, he would not be able
to say, Hey, you know what? Like this is a new guy. Um, that's the way
the Navy is supposed to work when it doesn't. Then that's, uh, that's
a time that, you know, you and the chief need to talk about what?
What the problems are. Is it a personality problem? Is it the fact
that you're dealing with this new equipment, that you don't know?
Um, how to operate yet? But it shouldn't be that that case at all ast
faras personality. We all try to be the same here. We try to be accepting
opening a new person in the unit that makes our our unit better
that makes our work go down. So you shouldn't have a problem. Uh,
sliding into the unit assed faras work that you're getting, um we
generally start you off at the level that you're supposed to be. If
you're first class, you should know X, Y and Z should know how to manage
your work center. You should know the equipment that you're working
on. If you're second class, you should be familiar with, um, how
to read Bull's eyes. How Toe transit about the ship. You know how
to use the flashlight when it when it's called for how to use your earplugs,
you know, basic PPE. So we put you in the place that you're
supposed to be. And if you're having conflicts, then, um, that's time
to bring it up to the leadership.